h1. JW Silverlight Player ActionView Helper (Rails 3.x and Rails 2.x Compatible)

h2. What Is It?

*silverlight-player-helper* is a Rails plugin that presents an ActionView wrapper for rendering "JW Silverlight Player":http://www.longtailvideo.com/players/jw-wmv-player/ by using silverlight

"JW Silverlight Player":http://www.longtailvideo.com/players/jw-wmv-player/ is a popular open source Media player that supports WMV, WMA and MP3 format.

h2. Getting Started

h3. Rails 2.x 

@script/plugin install git://github.com/bagwanpankaj/silverlight_player_helper.git@

h3. Rails 3.x

@railsplugin install git://github.com/bagwanpankaj/silverlight_player_helper.git@

This will automatically do what is required by JW Silverlight Player.

If required files are not copied autometically under public directory then run 

@rake sl_player:install@

h2. How to use

First you need to include two javascript files into your views

@<%= javascript_include_tag 'silverlight', 'wmvplayer' %>@

then In your views use it like

@<%= silverlight_player({:file => '/path/video.wmv',:width => 640, :height => 480}) %>@

in which *options* contains hash of JW Silverlight variables. You can find list of those "variables here":http://developer.longtailvideo.com/trac/wiki/SilverlightVars#Layout
and *player_config* contains hash of player_id and path to xaml file.

h2. More Info

This plugin provides you a helper method all option supported by JW Silverlight Player.

@silverlight_player(options = {}, player_config={})@

In options you can pass any variable supported by JW Silverlight Player. player_config contains the hash to define xaml file path, id that wraps player and css class to attach with.

*Here are the list of options you can pass in player config*
<tt>:player_id</tt>       Defines id of player container (default: 'silverlight_player')
<tt>:player_class</tt>    Defines the css class to be used for player container (default: none)
<tt>:xaml_file</tt>       Defines path for xaml file. (dfault: '/others/wmvplayer.xaml')
<tt>:player_message</tt>  Defines message to be shown when something goes wrong with player initialization. (default: 'The Player will be placed here.')

For more info write me at bagwan.pankaj[at]railsjaipur.in

Copyright (c) 2010 Bagwan Pankaj, released under the MIT license
